Your Majesty, you are so handsome today
It's rare to have a beloved concubine praise me for a day
By the way, Your Majesty, do you really want to use corrupt officials to govern the country?
Yangtze River clear water
Yellow River turbidity
But ah, the Yangtze and Yellow Rivers
Can irrigate millions of acres of heaven and earth on both sides
Therefore, the name Shuiqing is preferred
The water is turbid and wasteful.
However, once the trend of corrupt officials and mistaken the country is formed
What if the people can't bear the oppression and rebel?
When the Yangtze and Yellow Rivers flood
We all need governance
It's like punishing corrupt officials.
I'm looking for an opportunity
Find this corrupt official
Kill the chicken to make it red
So His Majesty wants to kill a batch every three to five
To face others squarely
Look at history.
Where there is power, there is corruption.
It can't be cured.
In the era of inspirational clarity?
And there's some of that.
This is like a wave of chives
Can't kill it all
It's actually pretty good
How can this be good?
You see, the people are divided into great things
I killed a corrupt official
Maintain social stability in the name of the environment
By the way, I can also copy the home of a corrupt official
The money didn't go back to the court in the end
Your Majesty, this is to raise fish
Sister, this guy is really bad
It gets worse.
Prime Minister, we have been fooled
The emperor left us in the palace
Take the opportunity to march on the hanging horse
Now we can't control the march
I didn't expect it.
This pig day geese
But was caught by Yan
The old man was actually fooled by a fool
Hey, Junjun is too good at acting
But what should Chen Shao do now?
Fight like an old woman
He's still so little
Prime Minister
About to settle down